Here's the correct parameter, double, height.
We know that the parameter name that this function is expecting is called height.
And that's because that's the name of
the variable that we check in our if test condition.
And we also know that since a 130.5 is a valid argument value for height,
that this can't be an integer.
Integers are only whole numbers.
So, this has to be a double.
Which allows for a decimal point values.
And by requiring this height parameter,
this function can now check
people's unique heights and tell them whether or not they passed the requirements.
And we can include as many parameters in our function definition as we want.
Next, let's see how to include multiple parameters.